champagne is certainly made in a
traditional manner and so is the
marmalade in our next story in fact it's
the handcrafted work involved in
traditional methods of preserving fruit
that appeals to June Taylor we visited
June still room for a taste of her
homegrown preserve infused with flavors
fresh from Mother Nature thanks for
coming back these are the last of the
silver lines are shared look now than a
great we work with fruit that's grown
organically and sustainably it's
important to me to support small family
farmers they are growing food in the way
that I like sometimes they have a few
trees of boots that have disappeared
almost from the marketplace thank you as
a piece of it it's a busy day when
you're a small business like the June
Taylor company and everything you do is
by hand it's always a busy day even
though June works and what she calls the
stillroom it's a very still environment
here it's a very peaceful environment
when we do our work this is her
commercial kitchen where she hand crafts
her preserves storm was a room in a home
in a country home that the woman of the
house would have overseen and they would
have distilled essences or liquors so I
consider what I do is very much in honor
of the preserving part of the storm I
joined jun to lend a hand in making some
Meyer lemon marmalade there's even a
wine country connection the lemons are
from a small farmer up in Napa and he
grows most beautiful lemons as you can
see hold the lemon very firmly June
shows me how to remove membranes and
seeds for the pectin a natural setting
agent for the marmalade this is really
labor-intensive is certainly very you do
this whole time we do this all the time
Wow and there's the making of our pectin
so you're gonna use the membranes and
friendless and the seats our goal crap
enough lemons for about a hundred and
fifty cups June is known for her herbal
and
Laurel infusion I'm not going to do
anything but just break it up a little
bit this rosemary along with rose
geranium from June's own garden will
flavor separate batches of the Meyer
lemon marmalade my lemon really works
very well with infused flowers and herbs
they'll go into bags which will infuse
the lemon mixture as it cooks off that's
good meanwhile the initial cooking down
is complete and it's time to squeeze all
the pectin out of the bags and into the
lemon mixture it's just really a matter
of kind of it's like milking the bag and
this is this is natural pectin so this
will help the marmalade set with the
pectin milked from the bag we're ready
to add the bags of rosemary and rose
geranium so this is going to go on the
side of the pot next cooking off to
infuse the flavors stirring is part of
the process Toyota while June does
follow a recipe each batch is different
she can tell when a set is right or
needs more time it's very personal this
it is your jams and marmalades well it's
intuitive you know it's about
understanding what you see in the part
it's about understanding the way nature
or the way the fruit behaves once June
is satisfied she's ready to jar up the
concoctions for up megami her only
employee the golly Hernandez helps out
they fill about 35 to 40 jars per batch
June says by making small amounts she
gets a brighter in tensor color and
flavor we're a Croft business I'm
considered a manufacturer but I really
I'm a cross woman for me it's the honest
way of producing food and my goal is to
bring back some of those flavors to
support small farmers to support organic
production methods and you know
resurrect a flavor something from the
past flavors homegrown and handcrafted
in June Taylor's still room